BigAnimal - PEMx updates (#5319)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/using_cluster/05_monitoring_and_logging/monitoring_using_biganimal_observability/index.mdx

To view the **Monitoring and Logging** tab from the BigAnimal portal:

1. In the left navigation of BigAnimal portal, go to **Clusters**. 
2. Select any ready cluster. 
3. On the cluster detail page, select the **Monitoring and Logging** tab.

> The **Monitoring and Logging** tab displays the detailed monitoring metrics at [different levels](#different-levels) in the form of charts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Monitoring and Logging** tab displays the detailed monitoring metrics at a [user-specified level of aggregation](#levels-of-aggregation) in the form of charts:
```

- [Single-value charts](#single-value-charts)
- [Historical charts](#historical-charts)

> ## Different levels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Levels of aggregation
```
